# Iinano
Work in Progress - does not work yet

## What
It's a private social network web application for small communities/business
with full-openness to mainstream networks (facebook and twitter, mainly).

## Why
Because after struggling with Elgg (almost dead) and Oxwall (coding horror) and 
reviewing the newly Idno (critical design flaws and no unit tests), 
I've decided to NOT contribute to Idno (sadly) but to retain the philosophy 
and rewrite this app.

## How
Using Symfony2 and MongoDB. Silex could be cool but I don't want to fight my way through
the routing and I don't know how big this project would grow. A graph database is 
the logical choice but too complicated (users don't care about how are stored their
datas). Three rules to bind them all :

* Keep It Simple Stupid
* Write less, sleep more
* SOLID or die

Of course all fancy stuffs like Composer, PhpUnit, Twig, ApcCache, 
Twitter bootstrap, jQuery and maybe AngularJs, I don't know.

## Who
Small business, small communities ( around 1000 people could be cool I think ).
Everything is public in the community and you can filter contents by your friends.
There are 3 types of user : anonymous (can be denied), external user (fb and tw)
and registered/approved user (in the app)

## When
Your customer wants to own his data ! If he's a manager, he's fed up 
with his employees sharing critical business data and secrets 
on public full-open social networks since on a regular basis, facebook
has security issues which put all contents in free access for everyone. Or a community
leader is lost in the noise generated by those networks. No ads, no game, just content.

## Where
Local server and AWS of course !

### And again a silly name ?
Yes, you know me, I'm very serious when I choose a name : it must be as silly
as possible (I hesitated between Tachibanana (jp/en pun) and KissItSocial (recursive acronym) ).
"Pandora" would be cool but already taken.

"Like" in japanese facebook is roughly translated by "ii ne" ("good isn't it ?"), 
I've chosen "ii nano" because it's kawaii and "nano" to recall the minimal design.